We are in New York City
We’re actually at the Lucern Hotel, just down the street
from the American Museum of Natural History
And with me is Neil deGrasse Tyson
Astrophysicist, Director of the Hayden Planetarium
at the AMNH.
Thank you for walking down here.
And I want to do a follow-up on the last conversation we did.
When we e-mailed—
Didn’t we talk about enough in that conversation?
No! No no no no; 'cos 'cos obviously 'cos
Laughs
You know I’m so excited my glasses are falling off here.
Jeg sad på en restaurant
med min ven Arthur Kornblum.
Det var på Horn & Hardarts.
En smuk pige kom ind ad døren,
og jeg kiggede på Arthur
og sagde "Arthur, kan du se pigen der?
Hende bliver jeg gift med."
To uger senere blev vi gift.
Det er mere end 50 år siden,
og vi er stadigvæk gift.
CHICAGOS UNIVERSITET - 1977
- Jeg elsker dig.